The book of Revelation here with the 70th week
of Daniel's prophecy, the time of the tribulation,
this final seven years with regard to,
again, that prophecy from Daniel chapter number nine.
And let me read verse seven and eight for you this evening
and we'll kind of dig in tonight.
The Bible says this,
and when he had opened the fourth seal,
now let me ask you a little interaction tonight,
who's opening the seals?
Jesus, amen?
We gotta remember that John is providing us
with an eyewitness account and Jesus is the one
who prevailed to open the seals.
Our God is victorious, and of course,
as you remember in Revelation chapter number five,
John was weeping and all that was taking place
because it seemed as if there were none
that were worthy to open.
But behold, the Lion of the tribe of Judah, hallelujah.
And Jesus is the one that's opening these seals.
It says, and when he had opened the fourth seal,
I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, come and see.
That's why we say that John's providing us
with this eyewitness account because he then says,
and I looked and behold, a pale horse.
So this is the fourth of the horses,
this is the fourth seal,
and we've seen the first three of these horses,
the white horse we mentioned,
that was the rise of Antichrist,
and we see that in verses one and two.
And then the second horse is that red horse,
that open war, remember, he was given the opportunity
to take peace from the earth.
The third seal we looked at last week,
the black horse, and that being famine.
And now we see this pale horse,
and notice the Bible says in verse eight,
and his name that sat on him was death,
and hell followed with him.
And power was given unto them
who gave them the power?
The Lord, amen, because God has all power.
And I remember the Lord Jesus Christ,
we looked over there in John 19,
Pilate thought he had this power to either release you
or to take your life, and Jesus says,
you'd have no power except what were given to you.
And we see here that the Bible says
that power was given unto them
over the fourth part of the earth
to kill with sword and with hunger and with death
and with the beast of the earth.
Now, think about this, we begin to look here
at this portion of scripture.
Again, as we mentioned this last week, even,
when you see that the Bible says
and power was given unto them,
we noted that the Bible said there
in verse number four of Revelation six,
and power was given unto him that sat thereon.
Begin to talk about this aspect of the Lord.
This is God pouring out his judgment.
This is not just more of the same type of persecution
that we might see during the church age.
This is divine judgment during the 70th week
of Daniel's prophecy, the great tribulation,
and we see here that Jesus is the one that's opening
and he's the one giving the authority
in this time of great tribulation.
I want you to think about this,
and we're gonna be back in Revelation in just a moment,
but take your Bibles and turn to Esther chapter number eight.
Esther chapter number eight,
last week we looked at a few verses in Esther as well,
and I'll remind you what we looked at in Esther last week,
and we're gonna look at something a little bit different.
Why do I go over here?
Well, as I study through the start of the tribulation,
as I am going through these verses of Scripture
and preparing and looking at these seals,
and of course we know that it only begins to intensify
or continues to intensify,
I am reminded of the need for urgency.
Urgency.
Awake, what we read in the book of Romans, right?
And we need to be shaken, we need to be awakened,
we need to have some urgency
about the work that God has given us to do.
Last week we looked at Esther
and I highlighted a few portions of Esther
with regard to the fact that Esther,
as she's standing before Ahasuerus in chapter number eight,
the Bible says that she besought him with tears
in verse number three, and it says in verse number six,
how can I endure to see the evil
that shall come upon my people or unto my people,
or how can I endure to see the instruction,
destruction of my kindred?
And so we began to kind of look at last week
the fact that we ought to have some compassion
and some care for those that we live in the midst of
that yes, we can rejoice that we'll be in heaven,
we're gonna be people that are gonna be suffering greatly.
And if those people have heard the gospel,
we know that they'll believe a lie,
they'll be given that strong delusion
that 2 Thessalonians talks about,
but man, we find here that there needs to be some compassion
what we see there in Esther,
but there also needs to be some urgency.
Let me look here in chapter eight of Esther
in verse number nine, the Bible says,
then were the king's scribes called at that time
in the third month, that is the month Savon,
on the three and 20th day thereof.
And it was written according to all that Mordecai
commanded under the Jews and to the lieutenants
and the deputies and rulers of the provinces,
which are from India unto Ethiopia
and 127 provinces unto every province
according to the writing thereof
and into every people after their language
and to the Jews according to their writing
and according to their language.
Now, I read that verse because if you were to take
and really kind of understand the timeline
of what's happening in the book of Esther,
in chapter number three in verse number 12
is where Haman gets permission from Ahasuerus
to write the first decree.
And in that first decree, the Bible tells us
that it was the 13th day of the first month.
But then we find that the destruction
according to that same writing in Esther chapter number three
that was in chapter number three, verse 12,
but the destruction that would come upon the Jewish people
is on the 13th day of the 12th month
according to verse number 13 of Esther chapter number three.
So you come to Esther chapter number eight
and you find that the Bible tells us that this writing
often being referred to as the counter decree
was written on the 23rd day of the third month.
There's 127 provinces and they don't have email,
they don't have social media,
they can't just put a blast out there to all the people
in a click of a moment with regard to this counter decree.
It's a large piece of property.
I mean, like huge piece on the map, okay?
If you look at the 127 provinces from India to Ethiopia,
I mean, it's a huge, vast area, all right?
And so you think about the fact
that from the writing of the second decree
there in Esther chapter number eight,
here's the reality,
they knew when the first decree would go into effect.
They knew that the destruction of the Jews
would be on the 13th day of the 12th month.
The writing was already signed.
So that meant that they had eight and a half months roughly
from the time of the writing of the second decree
to make sure everyone within the province was aware of it.
So guess what they needed?
Urgency.
They needed urgency.
Look at it, if you will,
there in Esther chapter number eight, look at verse 13.
The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given,
notice what it says,
in every province was published unto all people
and that the Jews should be ready against that day
to avenge themselves on their enemies.
So look at verse 14, the Bible says,
so the post that rode upon mules and camels went out.
I've never ridden upon a mule or a camel.
Amen, maybe you have,
but we get in our comfortable cars with our air conditioned
and you think about those mules and those camels,
not only are they not going to go as fast
as your vehicle's gonna go,
but you're gonna be dealing with all the dust, right?
I mean, all these things,
but notice what the Bible says here in verse number 14,
that they went out being hastened and pressed.
Do you see it there in verse 14?
Now think of it, what's the word to be hastened, right?
You ever tell somebody to hurry up?
You're trying to get to church on time.
I won't say who, but one spouse says to the other,
hey, we gotta get going, hurry up.
Yeah, has that ever happened?
No one wants to give any divulge
any information about that, amen.
Mike's like, I'll raise my hand,
I'm always in trouble anyway, amen.
But the reality is this,
we find here that it says that they were hastened
and pressed, why?
Because people are gonna lose their lives.
That first decree that was written
on the 13th day of the first month
that would go into effect on the 13th day of the 12th month,
that thing was a known date.
You could look at the calendar, you could circle the date,
you knew when it was.
You had about eight and a half months.
So we find that the Bible says being hastened
and pressed on by the king's commandment
and the decree was given at Shushan the palace.
Now, why do I come over here to Esther chapter number eight
as we begin to think about what we're studying
in the book of Revelation with regard to the tribulation?
because we come to this fourth seal and again as I'm just studying through
the book of Revelation and being reminded and then delivering the
messages, man, I'm just confronted with the need for
urgency. Here's the reality. If we believe tonight in the doctrine and
the teaching of imminence,
we don't know that we have eight and a half months.
You understand what I'm saying? They knew. There was a date on the calendar. The
decree had a date. We don't have a date.
Why is it? I'm often perplexed by this as I
read through and study the book of Acts and I love the book of Acts,
but why wasn't that there in the book of Acts? It seems like there's such
urgency. Do you ever see that when you read the book of Acts?
You begin to read and you see the urgency of the early church
to go forth and yes, we know the persecution comes and
through that persecution is how God enables for the
command that had been given to really be fulfilled because through the
persecution they were scattered. They were content there in Jerusalem
at the beginning, but God said not only in Jerusalem but
in all Judea, Samaria the uttermost, and you'll see
that when that persecution kind of reaches its pinnacle, if you will,
in chapter number eight, they that were scattered abroad went everywhere
preaching the word. By the way, that wasn't the leaders of
the church because you know where the apostles were?
In Jerusalem. You go back and read it. It wasn't the
it wasn't the apostles that were scattered abroad,
it was the people that were scattered abroad and the Bible says they went
everywhere preaching the word. You know where they went? All Judea,
Samaria, and eventually to the uttermost part of the earth.
They fulfilled the great commission that the Lord Jesus Christ had given to them
and we find that there was urgency, but what was it that led to some of that
urgency? I can't help but think that when you read Acts chapter number one
in verses 10 and 11 specifically, as the disciples are there, those apostles and
they watch as the Lord Jesus Christ is ascending
up into heaven and they hear that message that this same
Jesus shall come in like manner. Amen? And so we find that they had this
urgency because they knew, they heard Jesus say,
let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. In my
father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you.
I go to prepare a place for you and if I go, I will come again and receive you
unto myself that where I am, there ye may be also. They heard those
words and then as they see Jesus ascend up
into heaven, they hear the two that are in white apparel
that say this same Jesus is coming back in like
manner. So when? We don't know when. So there's
urgency. Have you ever been in a situation where
there's urgency? I mean you know what urgency is, like it
needs to be done and it needs to be done with haste, with
urgency. Can I tell you this evening, that's the
approach that we need to have to taking the gospel to a lost and dying
world. There needs to be some urgency. People are dying.
But it's not just that people are dying, it's that the
the return of the Lord is imminent. Well I'll get to that
at some point.
In Revelation chapter number six, as we look at this fourth seal
being open, we see it in verse seven and eight. Just a couple of thoughts for you
this evening. Number one, I want you to notice the description
that God gives us, the description that is provided for us here.
We see that the Bible says that it's a pale horse
in verse number eight. And we also notice this that the Bible says,
and his name that sat on him, on that pale horse,
his name was death. But then did you notice that it says this,
and hell followed with him. It's kind of interesting as we look
here at what God is revealing to us, and communicating to us
about this fourth seal, as we've looked at the others of these
judgments. Notice in verse number two of chapter six, and I saw and behold a
white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow and a crown.
So it's one rider. In verse number four, and there went out another horse that
was red, and power was given to him that sat there on. Verse number six,
the third horse, and I heard a voice in the midst of the
four beasts. Sorry, verse number five, and when he had opened the third seal, I
heard the third beast say, come and see, and I beheld and lo a black horse, and
he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.
But now we find in verse number eight that the Bible says, and his name that
sat on him was death. But then it says, and hell
followed with him. And then it says this, and power was
given unto them. Plural, right?
So I want you to think about this connection with death and hell
that are noted here. Death is the absence of life as we know it physically,
but I think the significance of hell here is talking about not the body,
but the soul.
Go over to Revelation chapter 20 if you will,
and I really, as I look at Revelation chapter number 20,
you think about the the truth that is here in verses 11 through 15 of the
great white throne judgment, and the portion of scripture should really
burden every child of God, and I'm thankful
to God be the glory that I won't be at the great white throne judgment as a
subject of that judgment, and that's all because of God's grace.
We find in verse number 11 the Bible says, and I saw a great white throne,
and him that sat on it from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away,
and there was found no place for them. I saw the dead, small and great, stand
before God, and the books were opened, and another book was opened, which is the
book of life, and the dead were judged out of those things
which were written in the books according to their works.
Notice this in verse 13, and the sea gave up the dead which were in it,
and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them.
They were judged every man according to their works, and death and hell
were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death,
and whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast
into the lake of fire. What sad verses those are in Revelation chapter 20
and verses 11 through 15 as God gives us the record of the great white throne
judgment, but we see here in this fourth seal being opened and
death being highlighted here and understanding as we saw the antichrist
and the first seal, and then we saw the war
and the second seal famine, and now death, and it doesn't mean that
there wasn't death in any of the previous seals, it just means the
highlight here, if you will, the
emphasis is there upon death, and we see that the Bible talks about
the one that was on the horse, his name is death, and hell followed with him,
and then notice it says, and power was given unto them.
What was the power that was given to them?
Well, the power was to kill, the power was to kill,
and so we notice the description, but I want you to notice number two, the
devastation, the devastation. The Bible tells us here
in verse number eight the magnitude of the devastation, and I hope our minds
tonight can try to grasp the magnitude of this. It's really
hard for our minds to comprehend it with regard to
the numbers, but I want you to notice that the Bible says, and power was given
unto them. Notice it says this, over the fourth part
of the earth. Now, there are some people today, some
more liberal theologians that today would say, well,
power was given to them over the fourth part of the earth, but it doesn't mean
that the fourth part of the earth actually were killed.
I'd like to disagree with that for this reason.
The enemy is all about killing, amen, and so if God is the one that gives
them the power and gives them power over a fourth part,
then I think he's going to take every opportunity to make
sure every single person that would make up a fourth part
is killed, right? Think about Job. Remember, Job, we talked about this power
given. We used the reference of Pilate a couple of times, but
Job, when you think about that situation in the book of Job,
Satan wants to go after Job, but Satan is
limited, right? There are certain privileges or opportunities that God
gives to Satan with regard to Job, but then there are certain restrictions.
You can do this, but you can't do this, and so
the Bible says that the power was given unto them over the fourth
part of the earth. Now, remember that word earth. We've read it, we've read it
earlier in these seal judgments, but that's the inhabited earth.
Talking about the population of the earth. Hold your place here. You don't
have to turn there, but if you want, John chapter number 10.
Let me just reference this verse of scripture in chapter number 10
and verse number 10, and of course, John 10 is such a great passage with regard
to the Lord Jesus Christ being our good shepherd, and I'm so
thankful that he laid down his life for us as the sheep,
but notice what the Bible says in John 10 and verse number 10
with regard to the thief. The one that, of course, Satan, we say it
this way, it says this, the thief cometh not, notice what it says,
but for to steal and to kill and destroy.
So here, in Revelation chapter number six,
when the Bible says, and power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth,
again, they're gonna take all of it. Now,
how would this happen? Well, the Bible tells us the means by which
death is going to come. Notice with me here in verse number eight.
It says to kill with, number one, sword.
Sword. Now, some people like to argue about the
book of Revelation. Actually, a lot of people like to argue about the book of Revelation
and various things that are contained therein.
I'm pretty confident that John knew what a sword was.
Amen. As John is providing an eyewitness account,
sometimes people like to use these allegories and all this kind of thing
and they look through various aspects and, well, a horse isn't really a horse
and a sword isn't really a sword. And like John knew what a sword was.
He knew what a horse was. He wasn't writing about some of the modern warfare,
you know, equipment that we have. And some people have a hard time understanding it
because they think, well, look at all this modern warfare that we have.
What do you mean a sword? Well, because of the devastation that's going to be upon the earth,
upon all the things that are going to happen,
yeah, once again, it's going to be swords and it's going to be horses
and all those things are going to be taking place.
And we see here the Bible says that he has a sword. To kill with sword.
Notice it says with hunger. What was the last judgment that we dealt with?
The third seal, the famine. And remember we talked about the famine
and we said this when we dealt with famine, that famine reveals divine judgment.
Famine also brings, it results in desperation. And we looked at that last week
and we talked about the things with regard to famine and we find that famine brings death.
It brings death. And so we find that the Bible says to kill with sword and with hunger.
And also, again, it says and with death. And so let me try to explain that a little bit.
The idea here with this word again and with death really carries with the idea of pestilence.
And you think about the pestilence and you think about some of the things
even that exist in our world today and some of the things that we're aware of
and some of the chemical warfare, bacteria warfare,
people have these ideas of just kind of letting something into the air,
into the water sources, and the number of people that can be affected
or infected in a very quick manner. This is some of the stuff that's going to happen.
And this is not pleasant. Remember the word urgency because this is really going to happen.
This isn't just some fairy tale book that we're reading.
This is the Bible. This is God's word and God's given to us things which must shortly come to pass.
We need urgency. So this idea of pestilence and you begin to think about some of these things
that would happen and through what is taking place.
And then the Bible says this, and with the beast of the earth.
It's kind of interesting. We know that God has created everything
and we know that man who is really the crown of God's creation
is the one that has such a difficult time obeying him, right?
Who was the one that was obedient in the book of Jonah? Jonah or the whale?
The great fish was the one that was obedient, am I right?
By the way, God's creation always obeys him other than humanity, mankind.
He's given us a free choice, a free will.
I think Jonah was pretty happy that the whale obeyed,
especially when God told that whale to spit him out, amen?
And here's the reality, is that here when it says, and with the beast of the earth,
we can think about some of the beast of the earth and you can think about some of the things
that could take place as God kind of having the control over these things
and releases the beast of the earth to have that type of impact on humanity.
I was reading and it's kind of interesting because sometimes when you think about beast of the earth,
what's something you think about when you think of beast of the earth?
A lion, right? It's kind of one that's kind of at the top of the list.
What else? What do you think about? Bears, tigers, right?
What is it? It was in Portuguese, maybe, I don't know. I'm just teasing.
What, someone else? Alligators, amen, all right.
What is it, snakes? Hey, Doc says snakes.
You know, Doc came in here on Wednesday and he's like, I thought about you this morning, Pastor.
And I was like, oh, that's kind. He's like, no, I thought about you
because some guy was at a show and got bit by a cobra.
And I'm like, thanks a lot. I appreciate that, you know.
And one thing is certain, I'm not going to be at a show with a cobra, amen?
But here, we think about the beast. This is what you think about.
But I was reading something that was very interesting.
And one person said this with regard to the idea of the beast of the earth
and thinking about the connection between the death with the pestilence
and the beast of the earth.
You know one of the animals that is so resilient and also carries so many diseases?
Rats. Rats.
They say that if you're in a particular location and you kill 95% of the rat population, all right,
so that means there's only 5% left, that within one year, they will meet that number again.
You ever been to New York City? Washington, D.C., by the way.
They got a rat problem there, too, right?
I mean, you think about these. Have you ever seen some big rats?
Listen, let me tell you, we were coming home from a baseball game a number of years ago.
And Holly and I were married just for a short time.
We'll be married for 25 years this year in August.
And it was September right after we got married.
And Holly called me on the phone.
We were in our place, a new house.
It wasn't brand new, but we're in this place.
And she calls me up.
I'm coming back from a baseball game, a Phillies game with my dad and my brother.
And my dad's watching online this evening.
He'll remember this, no doubt.
And Holly says, she calls me.
And you know, you could, I was only married for a short time,
but I could just tell the tone of voice, you know, there's something wrong.
And she says, honey, there's a rat.
I was like, okay, you know, we'll be home shortly, blah, blah, blah, whatever.
And I kind of, you know, hang up.
And then I kind of laugh.
And I'm like, you know how girls are, man.
There's probably a little mouse.
And she's like, it's a rat, you know, kind of, you know, whatever.
And so I got home.
And I mean, every light is on.
And she's standing in the middle of the living room.
And she's like, it's in the closet, you know.
And it's a rat, right.
And so, and that thing, man, that thing came out.
And I was like, that's a rat.
What in the world, like what do you do with that thing, right.
I want to go get a 12 gauge and blow holes in the floor to kill this thing.
And I'm like, that's a rat.
She's like, I told you it was a rat.
I was like, but I thought it was a mouse.
And it's a rat, you know.
And listen, we got that thing.
I tried to kill it.
I won't tell you all that I did.
Holly, it was not a good situation.
I gave her some really weak thing.
I was trying to hit it with a baseball bat.
It was a mess.
And I missed, and probably a good thing because it would have been a real mess.
And that thing went through this little floorboard.
And I stuck a box of decon in there.
And the thing ate the entire box, including the cardboard.
I'm not kidding, man.
And I thought, well, I'm going to put another box in there, man.
Like, get this thing out of here.
Never saw it again.
Never smelled it.
Thankfully, it got out of the house.
Wherever it got out, I don't know.
Never had another problem.
But what I'm saying is that rats are nasty.
It's said that rats carry about 35 different diseases, okay.
They can overwhelm.
Think about the food supply and the way in which they get into the grains and the different
food supplies and they contaminate.
It was very interesting reading about that because oftentimes we think about the beast
of the earth.
We think about all of the things that you said.
But rats are nasty creatures and they populate very quickly and they're everywhere.
Rats are all over the place.
And here's what I want you to understand.
I don't know exactly how it's all going to play out.
I don't know exactly how many are going to die by the sword and through hunger and through
the pestilence and the beast of the earth.
And I don't know all of the specifics, but I know that the Bible says that power was
given unto them over the fourth part of the earth.
So let me try to break that down for you this evening and I hope we can try to wrap our
minds around the numbers.
Today, the estimated population on planet earth is 8.3 billion people.
That's a lot of people, 8.3 billion people.
But that means that if we look at this again over the fourth part, that's a calculated
number, okay?
You just do the math, you figure it out.
What it is is 2,075,000,000 people, 2,075,000,000 people.
That's a lot of people.
Now, let me explain it this way, that is the equivalent, I told you this last week, that
about 174,000 people die every day, okay?
In the world, about 174,000 people die every day.
That equals about two every second, all right?
We talked about that last week.
You look at that number, you just look at world-o-meter,
and they keep stats of all these types of things, all right?
It's about 174,000 people every day.
So 2,075,000,000 people is the equivalent of the number of deaths
that will take place in 11,925 days or 33 years.
So think about this.
The number of people that typically, on average, die in 33 years
are going to die during one judgment.
It's hard for our minds to really fully comprehend that.
There was a spike in the number of deaths in 2020 with COVID.
At least that's what they present to us on and so forth.
We could argue and debate all of that sort of thing.
But the reality is that when there was a certain spike or a certain increase,
do you remember how things were overwhelmed?
Do you remember how they talked about they had no room for the bodies?
They had tractor-trailers that were filled with bodies that they were waiting to...
It was only like six years ago.
We remember hearing this stuff and seeing this stuff.
Okay, so think about these numbers.
It's hard for us to comprehend 2,075,000,000 people,
the equivalent to 33 years' worth of the average number of daily deaths
in one judgment.
Listen, this is not just more of the same of what the church-aged saints
have been going through with the time of,
yea, all those that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
It's not the same level.
This is divine judgment.
This is God's wrath being poured out.
We see that he's preparing, he's judging the earth.
He's preparing Israel to receive their Messiah.
We talked about all of those things when we dealt with the 70th week of Daniel.
But when we look here and we see this fourth seal and we see the number,
and again, I don't know what the number, the population number on earth is going
to be when the fourth seal is opened.
There's no way for me to know.
There's no way for you to know.
But I'm simply providing you numbers this evening with what it would look
like today if it happened.
It's overwhelming.
But let me just remind you of this.
If 2,075,000,000 people die without Christ, according to the Bible,
where do they spend eternity?
The lake of fire.
Am I right?
On the authority of God's word is where they spend eternity.
So, what's the word tonight?
Urgency.
It's good to study through and read the book of Revelation.
I'm thankful that God gave to us some things with regard to those things which
must shortly come to pass.
But if it doesn't impact us to do something about it, well, how do we read it?
It's not just so we can answer some questions on a Bible, you know, quiz game.
It's got to move us.
It's got to do something to us.
When we look there in the book of Esther, Esther's moved with tears.
She's, how can I endure to see this destruction?
As Mordecai speaks to the king about a counter decree being written,
they only have eight and a half months.
They know.
It's a time on the calendar.
And they were sent forth, they were hastened with haste.
Why?
Because there's urgency.
Because the writing of Ahasuerus that Haman signed was that there's a people
in your kingdom and they're going to be put to death.
Haman was so incensed by Mordecai not giving him reverence that he wanted
to kill every Jewish person in 127 provinces.
I believe that's satanic influenced to get rid of the Messianic line and so
on and so forth.
But what I want you to understand is that they knew there was a date
on the calendar and they had to move with urgency.
There was no time to delay.
There was no time to just sit back and say, well, well, I know, we got time,
we can...what do we talk about sometimes?
Procrastinate, right?
Procrastinate.
Why do today what we can do tomorrow?
No, but that sometimes can become a mindset that we have.
When we read these things in the book of Revelation, they're going to come to pass.
Urgency.
Oh, that God would help us to live with urgency.
Days are fleeting.
People are dying.
Jesus is coming back.
We must, we must live with urgency.
Let's pray together.
Father, we love you.
We thank you so much for loving us.
God, I'm reminded this evening, as I think about this word urgency,
with a wonderful example from the book of Esther, but then we're reminded on the
opposite end of the spectrum of the church of the Laodiceans.
We're just filled up, enjoying life seemingly, having need of nothing.
God, we thank you for the many blessings and benefits that you've bestowed upon us.
I'm fearful this evening that if we're not careful, we can become apathetic
and indifferent.
God, would you help us to combat the apathy that's so prevalent in our
society today?
Help us to combat the indifference that's so abounding in our midst today.
God, help us to live with urgency.
We believe the Bible.
We believe that these things will come to pass.
We don't know when, but we believe it.
God, for a little time, for a little space, you've given us an opportunity.
I pray that we do all that we can do with urgency to make an eternal difference in
our society and around those that we come in contact with.
I pray that in the moments of our invitation this evening, I pray that you'd
help us, Lord, to search our own hearts.
Help us, Lord, to respond to how your spirit has spoken to us.
Help us to live with urgency.
Well, thank you for the work that you'll do.
For it's in Christ's name we pray.